hey guys
chad trough have been here from the
incredible tutorials YouTube channel Jim
Mills and I have teamed up with Smith
micro to bring you these brand new anime
studio 10 tutorials so I hope you're
ready because we're about to get started
in anime studio you can do what is
called random linewidth and basically
with a set of points down you can put
this feature on and the line width will
be randomized between points just to
kind of give it a more stylized effect
the thing was with previous versions of
anime studio this could sometimes be a
bit jarring because you could go from a
really thin line to a really really
thick line and it would look just a
little bit off so with version 10 you
can see I have some points selected here
if I go up to draw random line width or
command D or control D if you're on
Windows we have the box up here here and
you can see even with my minimum set to
0 and my maximum set to over 300 you can
see that the transition between thick
and thin is a lot more gentle like an
example with the Hat here we go from
really thick to thin but then the next
connecting line it doesn't look as
jarring and even if we just randomized
this in different ways you can see that
it of course randomizes the line
thickness like right here and right here
but again less jarring so if you're
interested at all in this feature or
have used it in the past you can look
forward to knowing that it has now been
enhanced if you would like more
information on anime studio please visit
the official anime studio website and
anime smith micro comm thanks for
watching guys and we will see you next
time